Methods of forming a differential layer, such as a Contact Etch Stop Layer (CESL), in a semiconductor device are described herein, along with structures formed by the methods.
In an embodiment, a structure includes an active area on a substrate, a gate structure over the active area, a gate spacer along a sidewall of the gate structure, and a differential etch stop layer.
The differential etch stop layer has a first portion along a sidewall of the gate spacer and has a second portion over an upper surface of the source/drain region.
A first thickness of the first portion is in a direction perpendicular to the sidewall of the gate spacer, and a second thickness of the second portion is in a direction perpendicular to the upper surface of the source/drain region.
The second thickness is greater than the first thickness.
A technique for patterning a workpiece such as an integrated circuit workpiece is provided.
In an exemplary embodiment, the method includes receiving a dataset specifying a plurality features to be formed on the workpiece.
A first patterning of a hard mask of the workpiece is performed based on a first set of features of the plurality of features, and a first spacer material is deposited on a sidewall of the patterned hard mask.
A second patterning is performed based on a second set of features, and a second spacer material is deposited on a sidewall of the first spacer material.
A third patterning is performed based on a third set of features.
A portion of the workpiece is selectively processed using a pattern defined by a remainder of at least one of the patterned hard mask layer, the first spacer material, or the second spacer material.
A method of removing an oxide layer is provided.
A metal layer is deposited over an oxide layer formed at a top surface of a germanium substrate.
A metal oxide layer is deposited over the metal layer.
The metal oxide layer includes a same metal material as the metal layer.
The metal layer and the oxide layer are reacted and combined with the metal oxide layer to form a dielectric layer during an anneal process.
During the anneal process, the oxide layer is reacted with the metal layer and removed.
Embodiments of hybrid-bonded semiconductor structures and methods for forming a hybrid-bonded semiconductor structure are disclosed.
The method can include providing a substrate and forming a base dielectric layer on the substrate.
The method also includes forming first and second conductive structures in the base dielectric layer and disposing an alternating dielectric layer stack.
Disposing alternating dielectric layer stack includes disposing a first dielectric layer on the base dielectric layer and the first and second conductive structures and sequentially disposing second, third, and fourth dielectric layers.
The method further includes planarizing the disposed alternating dielectric layer stack and etching the alternating dielectric layer stack to form first and second openings using preset etching rates for each of the first, second, third, and fourth dielectric layers.
The etching continues until at least portions of the first and second conductive structures are exposed.
The method also includes forming conductive material in the first and second openings to form lead wires.
Conformal hermetic dielectric films suitable as dielectric diffusion barriers over 3D topography.
In embodiments, the dielectric diffusion barrier includes a dielectric layer, such as a metal oxide, which can be deposited by atomic layer deposition (ALD) techniques with a conformality and density greater than can be achieved in a conventional silicon dioxide-based film deposited by a PECVD process for a thinner contiguous hermetic diffusion barrier.
In further embodiments, the diffusion barrier is a multi-layered film including a high-k dielectric layer and a low-k or intermediate-k dielectric layer (e.g., a bi-layer) to reduce the dielectric constant of the diffusion barrier.
In other embodiments a silicate of a high-k dielectric layer (e.g., a metal silicate) is formed to lower the k-value of the diffusion barrier by adjusting the silicon content of the silicate while maintaining high film conformality and density.
A device includes a substrate, a first dielectric layer over the substrate, a first conductive feature in the first dielectric layer, and an etch stop layer over the first dielectric layer.
The etch stop layer includes metal-doped aluminum nitride.
The device further includes a second dielectric layer over the etch stop layer, and a second conductive feature in the second dielectric layer.
The second conductive feature extends into the etch stop layer and contacts the first conductive feature.
A package structure includes a first redistribution layer, a molding material, a semiconductor device and an inductor.
The molding material is located on the first redistribution layer.
The semiconductor device is molded in the molding material.
The inductor penetrates through the molding material and electrically connected to the semiconductor device.
A method of forming a conductive powder includes reducing, by a reduction reaction, a conductive powder precursor gas using a plasma.
Reducing the conductive powder precursor gas forms the conductive powder.
The method further includes filtering the conductive powder based on particle size.
The method further includes dispersing a portion of the conductive powder having a particle size below a threshold value in a fluid.
An etch back air gap (EBAG) process is provided.
The EBAG process includes forming an initial structure that includes a dielectric layer disposed on a substrate and a liner disposed to line a trench defined in the dielectric layer.
The process further includes impregnating a metallic interconnect material with dopant materials, filling a remainder of the trench with the impregnated metallic interconnect materials to form an intermediate structure and drive-out annealing of the intermediate structure.
The drive-out annealing of the intermediate structure serves to drive the dopant materials out of the impregnated metallic interconnect materials and thereby forms a chemical- and plasma-attack immune material.
A vertical semiconductor device includes a conductive pattern structure in which insulation patterns and conductive patterns alternately and repeatedly stacked on the substrate.
The conductive pattern structure includes an edge portion having a stair-stepped shape.
Each of the conductive patterns includes a pad region corresponding to an upper surface of a stair in the edge portion.
A pad conductive pattern is disposed to contact a portion of an upper surface of the pad region.
A mask pattern is disposed on an upper surface of the pad conductive pattern.
A contact plug penetrates the mask pattern to contact the pad conductive pattern.
A semiconductor structure and a method for forming the same are provided.
The semiconductor structure includes a gate structure, a source/drain structure, a first contact plug and a first via plug.
The gate structure is positioned over a fin structure.
The source/drain structure is positioned in the fin structure and adjacent to the gate structure.
The first contact plug is positioned over the source/drain structure.
The first via plug is positioned over the first contact plug.
The first via plug includes a first group IV element.
A semiconductor device includes a buried insulation layer, a semiconductor layer, a gate structure, a source doped region, and a drain doped region.
The semiconductor layer is disposed on the buried insulation layer.
The gate structure is disposed on the semiconductor layer.
The semiconductor layer includes a body region disposed between the gate structure and the buried insulation layer.
The source doped region and the drain doped region are disposed in the semiconductor layer.
A first contact structure penetrates the buried insulation layer and contacts the body region.
A second contact structure penetrates the buried insulation layer and is electrically connected with the source doped region.
At least a part of the first contact structure overlaps the body region in a thickness direction of the buried insulation layer.
The body region is electrically connected with the source doped region via the first contact structure and the second contact structure.
A stacked via structure including a first dielectric layer, a first conductive via, a first redistribution wiring, a second dielectric layer and a second conductive via is provided.
The first dielectric layer includes a first via opening.
The first conductive via is in the first via opening.
A first level height offset is between a top surface of the first conductive via and a top surface of the first dielectric layer.
The first redistribution wiring covers the top surface of the first conductive via and the top surface of the first dielectric layer.
The second dielectric layer is disposed on the first dielectric layer and the first redistribution wiring.
The second dielectric layer includes a second via opening.
The second conductive via is in the second via opening.
The second conductive via is electrically connected to the first redistribution wiring through the second via opening of the second dielectric layer.
A semiconductor device includes a semiconductor substrate, a metal layer, a dielectric layer, and a via.
The metal layer is disposed above the semiconductor substrate.
The dielectric layer is disposed between the metal layer and the semiconductor substrate.
The via is embedded in the dielectric layer and comprises a first portion and a second portion between the first portion and the semiconductor substrate.
The first portion of the via has a first width.
The second portion of the via has a second width greater than the first width of the first portion.
A MOS antifuse with an accelerated dielectric breakdown induced by a void or seam formed in the electrode.
In some embodiments, the programming voltage at which a MOS antifuse undergoes dielectric breakdown is reduced through intentional damage to at least part of the MOS antifuse dielectric.
In some embodiments, damage may be introduced during an etchback of an electrode material which has a seam formed during backfilling of the electrode material into an opening having a threshold aspect ratio.
In further embodiments, a MOS antifuse bit-cell includes a MOS transistor and a MOS antifuse.
The MOS transistor has a gate electrode that maintains a predetermined voltage threshold swing, while the MOS antifuse has a gate electrode with a void accelerated dielectric breakdown.
An integrated circuit includes a substrate and an interconnect.
A substrate zone is delineated by an insulating zone.
A polysilicon region extends on the insulating zone and includes a strip part.
An isolating region is situated between the substrate and the interconnect and covers the substrate zone and the polysilicon region.
A first electrically conductive pad passes through the isolating region and has a first end in electrical contact with both the strip part and the substrate zone.
A second end of the electrically conductive pad is in electrical contact with the interconnect.
A second electrically conductive pad also passes through the isolating region to make electrical contact with another region.
The first and second electrically conductive pads have equal or substantially equal cross sectional sizes, within a tolerance.
The electrical and electrochemical properties of various semiconductors may limit the usefulness of various semiconductor materials for one or more purposes.
A completed gallium nitride (GaN) semiconductor layer containing a number of GaN power management integrated circuit (PMIC) dies may be bonded to a completed silicon semiconductor layer containing a number of complementary metal oxide (CMOS) control circuit dies.
The completed GaN layer and the completed silicon layer may be full size (e.g., 300 mm).
A layer transfer operation may be used to bond the completed GaN layer to the completed silicon layer.
The layer transfer operation may be performed on full size wafers.
After slicing the full size wafers a large number of multi-layer dies, each having a GaN die layer transferred to a silicon die may be produced.
An integrated circuit device is provided as follows.
A fin-type active region extends on a substrate in a first horizontal direction.
A gate line extends on the fin-type active region in a second horizontal direction intersecting the first horizontal direction.
A source/drain region is disposed in the fin-type active region at one side of the gate line.
An insulating cover extends parallel to the substrate, with the gate line and the source/drain region arranged between the insulating cover and the substrate.
A source/drain contact that vertically extends through the insulating cover has a first sidewall covered with the insulating cover and an end connected to the source/drain region.
A fin isolation insulating unit vertically extends through the insulating cover into the fin-type active region.
The source/drain region is arranged between the fin isolation insulating unit and the gate line.
In a method of manufacturing an SRAM device, an insulating layer is formed over a substrate.
First dummy patterns are formed over the insulating layer.
Sidewall spacer layers, as second dummy patterns, are formed on sidewalls of the first dummy patterns.
The first dummy patterns are removed, thereby leaving the second dummy patterns over the insulating layer.
After removing the first dummy patterns, the second dummy patterns are divided.
A mask layer is formed over the insulating layer and between the divided second dummy patterns.
After forming the mask layer, the divided second dummy patterns are removed, thereby forming a hard mask layer having openings that correspond to the patterned second dummy patterns.
The insulating layer is formed by using the hard mask layer as an etching mask, thereby forming via openings in the insulating layer.
A conductive material is filled in the via openings, thereby forming contact bars.
A method includes forming a wide band gap (WBG) epitaxial layer on an engineered substrate.
The WBG epitaxial layer includes a plurality of groups of epitaxial layers.
The engineered substrate includes engineered layers formed on a bulk material having a coefficient of thermal expansion (CTE) matching a CTE of the WBG epitaxial layer.
The method also includes forming a plurality of WBG devices based on the plurality of groups of epitaxial layers by: for each respective WBG device, forming internal interconnects and electrodes within a respective group of epitaxial layers.
The method further includes forming external interconnects between the electrodes of different WBG devices of the plurality of WBG devices to form an integrated circuit.
A method of forming a semiconductor structure includes forming a middle-of-line (MOL) oxide layer in the semiconductor structure.
The MOL oxide layer including multiple gate stacks formed on a substrate.
A nitride layer is formed over a silicide in the MOL oxide layer.
At least one self-aligned contact area (CA) element is formed within the nitride layer.
The MOL oxide layer is selectively recessed on a first side and a second side of the at least one self-aligned CA element leaving remaining portions of the MOL oxide layer on the nitride layer and a nitride.
A nitride cap of the plurality of gate stacks is selectively recessed.
An air-gap oxide layer is deposited for introducing one or more air-gaps in the deposited air-gap oxide layer.
The air gap oxide layer is reduced to the at least one self-aligned CA element and the nitride layer.
The present disclosure describes a silicide formation process which employs the formation of an amorphous layer in the SiGe S/D region via an application of a substrate bias voltage during a metal deposition process.
For example, the method includes a substrate with a gate structure disposed thereon and a source/drain region adjacent to the gate structure.
A dielectric is formed over the gate structure and the source-drain region.
A contact opening is formed in the dielectric to expose a portion of the gate structure and a portion of the source/drain region.
An amorphous layer is formed in the exposed portion of the source/drain region with a thickness and a composition which is based on an adjustable bias voltage applied to the substrate.
Further, an anneal is performed to form a silicide on the source/drain region.
A vertical transistor structure is provided that includes a bottom source/drain structure that includes a doped semiconductor buffer layer that contains a first dopant species having a first diffusion rate, and an epitaxial doped semiconductor layer that contains a second dopant species that has a second diffusion rate that is less than the first diffusion rate.
During a junction anneal, the first dopant species readily diffuses from the doped semiconductor buffer layer into a pillar portion of a base semiconductor substrate to provide the bottom source/drain extension and bottom source/drain junction.
No diffusion overrun is observed.
During the junction anneal, the second dopant species remains in the epitaxial doped semiconductor layer providing a low resistance contact.
The second dopant species does not interfere with the bottom source/drain extension and bottom source/drain junction due to limited diffusion of the second dopant species.
The present disclosure describes various non-planar semiconductor devices, such as fin field-effect transistors (finFETs) to provide an example, having one or more metal rail conductors and various methods for fabricating these non-planar semiconductor devices.
In some situations, the one or more metal rail conductors can be electrically connected to gate, source, and/or drain regions of these various non-planar semiconductor devices.
In these situations, the one or more metal rail conductors can be utilized to electrically connect the gate, the source, and/or the drain regions of various non-planar semiconductor devices to other gate, source, and/or drain regions of various non-planar semiconductor devices and/or other semiconductor devices.
However, in other situations, the one or more metal rail conductors can be isolated from the gate, the source, and/or the drain regions these various non-planar semiconductor devices.
This isolation prevents electrical connection between the one or more metal rail conductors and the gate, the source, and/or the drain regions these various non-planar semiconductor devices.
Various embodiments of the present application are directed towards a method for forming a flat via top surface for memory, as well as an integrated circuit (IC) resulting from the method.
In some embodiments, an etch is performed into a dielectric layer to form an opening.
A liner layer is formed covering the dielectric layer and lining the opening.
A lower body layer is formed covering the dielectric layer and filling a remainder of the opening over the liner layer.
A top surface of the lower body layer and a top surface of the liner layer are recessed to below a top surface of the dielectric layer to partially clear the opening.
A homogeneous upper body layer is formed covering the dielectric layer and partially filling the opening.
A planarization is performed into the homogeneous upper body layer until the dielectric layer is reached.
A semiconductor device comprising a manifold for uniform vapor deposition is disclosed.
The semiconductor device can include a manifold comprising a bore and having an inner wall.
The inner wall can at least partially define the bore.
A first axial portion of the bore can extend along a longitudinal axis of the manifold.
A supply channel can provide fluid communication between a gas source and the bore.
The supply channel can comprise a slit defining an at least partially annular gap through the inner wall of the manifold to deliver a gas from the gas source to the bore.
The at least partially annular gap can be revolved about the longitudinal axis.
In some embodiments, a method for forming an integrated circuit is provided.
The method includes forming a first layer over a semiconductor wafer, the first layer having a first portion and a second portion.
The first portion is patterned by projecting a first image field over the first portion of the first layer, where the first portion of the first layer corresponds to the first image field.
The second portion is patterned by projecting a second image field over the second portion of the first layer, where the second portion of the first layer corresponds to the second image field.
A second layer is formed over the first layer.
The second layer is patterned by projecting a third image field over the second layer, where the third image field covers a majority of the first portion and a majority of the second portion of the first layer.
A first copper alloy sputtering target comprising 0.5 to 4.0 wt % of Al and 0.5 wtppm or less of Si and a second copper alloy sputtering target comprising 0.5 to 4.0 wt % of Sn and 0.5 wtppm or less of Mn are disclosed.
The first and/or the second alloy sputtering target can further comprise one or more elements selected from among Sb, Zr, Ti, Cr, Ag, Au, Cd, In and As in a total amount of 1.0 wtppm or less.
A semiconductor element wiring formed by the use of the above targets is also disclosed.
The above copper alloy sputtering target allows the formation of a wiring material for a semiconductor element, in particular, a seed layer being stable, uniform and free from the occurrence of coagulation during electrolytic copper plating and exhibits excellent sputtering film formation characteristics.
A method of forming one or more contact regions in a high-voltage field effect transistor (HFET) includes providing a semiconductor material, including a first active layer and a second active layer, with a gate dielectric disposed on a surface of the semiconductor material.
A first contact to the semiconductor material is formed that extends through the second active layer into the first active layer, and a passivation layer is deposited, where the gate dielectric is disposed between the passivation layer and the second active layer.
An interconnect is formed extending through the first passivation layer and coupled to the first contact.
An interlayer dielectric is deposited proximate to the interconnect, and a plug is formed extending into the interlayer dielectric and coupled to the first portion of the interconnect.
A semiconductor device and a manufacturing method thereof are provided.
The manufacturing method includes the following steps.
A core structure and a first material layer are formed on a substrate in order.
A top surface of the first material layer is lower than a top surface of the core structure.
A second pattern is formed on an exposed surface of the core structure.
The method of forming the second pattern includes forming a second material layer on the exposed surface of the core structure and the top surface of the first material layer and performing an anisotropic etching on the second material layer.
The first material layer is patterned by using the second pattern as a mask to form a first pattern.
The step of forming the second material layer and the step of performing an anisotropic etching on the second material layer are performed in the same etching chamber.
Aspects of the disclosure provide a method for manufacturing a semiconductor device.
A first structure of first stacked insulating layers including a first via over a contact region is formed.
A second structure is formed by filling at least a top region of the first via with a sacrificial layer.
A third structure including the second structure and second stacked insulating layers stacked above the second structure is formed.
The third structure further includes a second via aligned with the first via and extending through the second stacked insulating layers.
A fourth structure is formed by removing the sacrificial layer to form an extended via including the first via and the second via.
A plurality of weights associated with the first structure, the second structure, the third structure, and the fourth structure is determined, and a quality of the extended via is determined based on the plurality of weights.
Performance of a semiconductor device is improved.
In one embodiment, for example, deposition time is increased from 4.6 sec to 6.9 sec.
In other words, in one embodiment, thickness of a tantalum nitride film is increased by increasing the deposition time.
Specifically, in one embodiment, deposition time is increased such that a tantalum nitride film provided on the bottom of a connection hole to be coupled to a wide interconnection has a thickness within a range from 5 to 10 nm.
Methods disclosed herein include scanning a focus spot formed by a laser beam over either a metal layer or IC structures that include a metal and a non-metal.
The focus spot is scanned over a scan path that includes scan path segments that partially overlap.
The focus spot has an irradiance and a dwell time selected to locally melt the metal layer or locally melt the metal of the IC structures without melting the non-metal.
This results in rapid melting and recrystallization of the metal, which decreases the resistivity of the metal and results in improved performance of the IC chips being fabricated.
Also disclosed is an example laser melt system for carrying out methods disclosed herein is also disclosed.
First and second gates and first and second conductive contacts are disposed over a substrate.
First and second vias are disposed over the first and second conductive contacts, respectively.
A first gate contact is disposed over the first gate.
A dielectric structure is disposed over the first gate and over the second gate.
A first portion of the dielectric structure is disposed between the first and second vias.
A second portion of the dielectric structure is disposed between the first via and the first gate contact.
A first interface between the first conductive contact and the first via constitutes a first percentage of an upper surface area of the first conductive contact.
A second interface between the first gate and the first gate contact constitutes a second percentage of an upper surface area of the first gate.
The first percentage is greater than the second percentage.
A method for manufacturing chip package includes the steps below.
A wafer having an upper surface and a lower surface opposite thereto is provided, in which conductive bumps are disposed on the upper surface.
The upper surface of the wafer is diced to form trenches.
A first insulation layer exposing the conductive bumps is formed on the upper surface and in the trenches.
A surface treatment layer is formed on the conductive bumps, and a top surface of the surface treatment layer is higher than that of the first insulation layer.
The wafer is thinned from the lower surface toward the upper surface to expose the first insulation layer in the trenches.
A second insulation layer is formed below the lower surface.
The first and second insulation layers are diced along a center of each trench to form chip packages.
A semiconductor device includes a substrate including first and second regions, which are arranged along a first direction.
A first conductive pattern extends in the first direction in the first region.
A second conductive pattern extends in the first direction in the first region.
The second conductive pattern is spaced apart from the first conductive pattern.
A first spacer extends between the first conductive pattern and the second conductive pattern along a sidewall of the first conductive pattern, a sidewall of the second conductive pattern, and a boundary between the first and second regions.
A distance between the first conductive pattern and the second region is smaller than a distance between the second conductive pattern and the second region.
Semiconductor devices, semiconductor packages and methods of forming the same are provided.
One of the semiconductor device includes a dielectric layer and a connector.
The dielectric layer includes a dielectric material and an additive, wherein the additive includes a compound represented by Chemical Formula 1.
The connector is disposed in the dielectric layer.
A structure of semiconductor device includes a substrate, having a dielectric layer on top.
At least two metal elements are formed in the dielectric layer, wherein an air gap is between adjacent two of the metal elements.
A cap layer is disposed over the substrate, wherein a portion of the cap layer above the adjacent two of the metal elements has a hydrophilic surface.
An inter-layer dielectric layer is disposed on the cap layer.
The inter-layer dielectric layer seals the air gap between the two metal elements.
The air gap remains and extends higher than a top surface of the metal elements.
A redistribution structure includes a first dielectric layer, a pad pattern, and a second dielectric layer.
The pad pattern is disposed on the first dielectric layer and includes a pad portion and a peripheral portion.
The pad portion is embedded in the first dielectric layer, wherein a lower surface of the pad portion is substantially coplanar with a lower surface of the first dielectric layer.
The peripheral portion surrounds the pad portion.
The second dielectric layer is disposed on the pad pattern and includes a plurality of extending portions extending through the peripheral portion.
The present disclosure, in some embodiments, relates to an integrated chip structure.
The integrated chip structure includes a bump structure disposed on a first substrate and a molding compound in physical contact with the bump structure.
The bump structure protrudes from the molding compound.
A conductive region is on a second substrate and contacts the bump structure.
A no-flow underfill (NUF) material is vertically between the molding compound and the second substrate and laterally surrounds the bump structure.
The NUF material is separated from the molding compound.
An integrated circuit device is provided as follows.
A fin-type active region extends on a substrate in a first horizontal direction.
A gate line extends on the fin-type active region in a second horizontal direction intersecting the first horizontal direction.
A source/drain region is disposed in the fin-type active region at one side of the gate line.
An insulating cover extends parallel to the substrate, with the gate line and the source/drain region arranged between the insulating cover and the substrate.
A source/drain contact that vertically extends through the insulating cover has a first sidewall covered with the insulating cover and an end connected to the source/drain region.
A fin isolation insulating unit vertically extends through the insulating cover into the fin-type active region.
The source/drain region is arranged between the fin isolation insulating unit and the gate line.
A method of forming a power rail to semiconductor devices comprising removing a portion of the gate structure forming a gate cut trench separating a first active region of fin structures from a second active region of fin structures.
A conformal etch stop layer is formed in the gate cut trench.
A fill material is formed on the conformal etch stop layer filling at least a portion of the gate cut trench.
The fill material has a composition that is etched selectively to the conformal etch stop layer.
A power rail is formed in the gate cut trench.
The conformal etch stop layer obstructs lateral etching during forming the power rail to substantially eliminate power rail to gate structure shorting.
An integrated circuit and method includes self-aligned contacts.
A gapfill dielectric layer fills spaces between sidewalls of adjacent MOS gates.
The gapfill dielectric layer is planarized down to tops of gate structures.
A contact pattern is formed that exposes an area for multiple self-aligned contacts.
The area overlaps adjacent instances of the gate structures.
The gapfill dielectric layer is removed from the area.
A contact metal layer is formed in the areas where the gapfill dielectric material has been removed.
The contact metal abuts the sidewalls along the height of the sidewalls.
The contact metal is planarized down to the tops of the gate structures, forming the self-aligned contacts.
A semiconductor memory device includes a substrate, a plurality of first electrode layers, a semiconductor layer, a plurality of second electrode layers, and a conductor.
The plurality of first electrode layers are arranged to be separated from each other in a first direction above the substrate.
The semiconductor layer extends through the plurality of first electrode layers in the first direction.
The plurality of second electrode layers are arranged to be separated from each other in the first direction, arranged to be separated from the plurality of first electrode layers in a second direction crossing the first direction, and arranged at substantially the same levels as levels of the plurality of first electrode layers in the first direction.
The conductor electrically connects the plurality of second electrode layers to each other.
The plurality of second electrode layers are connected in parallel by the conductor.
A semiconductor device and a method of manufacturing a semiconductor device may be provided.
The semiconductor device may include first and second vertical conductive patterns isolated from each other by a first slit.
The semiconductor device may include at least one first half conductive pattern extending toward a first region disposed at one side of the first slit from the first vertical conductive pattern.
The semiconductor device may include at least one second half conductive pattern extending toward a second region disposed at the other side of the first slit from the second vertical conductive pattern.
A vertically alternating stack of insulating layers and dielectric spacer material layers is formed over a semiconductor substrate.
The vertically alternating stack is patterned into a first alternating stack located at a center region of a memory die and a second alternating stack that laterally encloses the first alternating stack.
Memory stack structures are formed through the first alternating stack, and portions of the dielectric spacer material layers in the first alternating stack are replaced with electrically conductive layers while maintaining the second alternating stack intact.
At least one metallic wall structure is formed through the second alternating stack.
An edge seal assembly is provided, which includes at least one vertical stack of metallic seal structures.
Each vertical stack of metallic seal structures vertically extends contiguously from a top surface of the semiconductor substrate to a bonding-side surface of the memory die, and includes a respective metallic wall structure.
The present technology relates to an imaging device designed to be able to reduce luminance unevenness.
An imaging device includes a photodiode and a wiring layer formed on a surface facing the incident surface of the photodiode.
A wiring line is formed in the wiring layer, and the wiring line in a pixel is formed in a different pattern from a pattern in a different pixel.
Another imaging device including a photodiode and a wiring layer formed on a surface facing the incident surface of the photodiode.
A wiring line is formed in the wiring layer.
A gap having a different dielectric constant from the dielectric constant of the material forming the wiring layer is formed in the wiring layer, and the gap in a pixel is formed in a different pattern from a pattern in a different pixel.
The present technology can be applied to imaging devices.
A method of forming a device that includes encapsulating a magnetic resistive access memory (MRAM) stack with a first patternable low-k dielectric material that is patterned by an exposure to produce a via pattern that extends to circuitry to logic devices.
The via pattern is developed forming a via opening.
The method further includes forming a second patternable low-k dielectric material over first patternable low-k dielectric material and filling the via opening.
The second patternable low-k dielectric material is patterned by a light exposure to produce a first line pattern to the MRAM stack and a second line pattern to the via opening.
The first line pattern and the second line pattern are developed to form trench openings.
Thereafter, electrically conductive material is formed in the trench openings and the via opening.
A silicon carbide semiconductor assembly and a method of forming a silicon carbide (SiC) semiconductor assembly are provided.
The silicon carbide semiconductor assembly includes a semiconductor substrate and an electrode.
The semiconductor substrate is formed of silicon carbide and includes a first surface, a second surface opposing the first surface, and a thickness extending therebetween.
The method includes forming one or more electronic devices on the first surface and thinning the semiconductor substrate by removing the second surface to a predetermined depth of semiconductor substrate and leaving a third surface opposing the first surface.
The method further includes forming a non-ohmic alloy layer on the third surface at a first temperature range and annealing the alloy layer at a second temperature range forming an ohmic layer, the second temperature range being greater than the first temperature range.
A method for forming a silicon structure.
The method includes forming a trench silicide contact between two spacers, each spacer beside respective high-k metal gates.
The method planarizes the trench silicide contact, the spacers, and the high-k metal gates.
An inner layer dielectric is deposited over the trench silicide contact, the spacers, and the high-k metal gates.
A first opening is patterned in the inner layer dielectric for a gate contact over the high-k metal gate, one of the spacers and a portion of the trench silicide contact.
The method recesses the portion of the trench silicide contact and deposits a liner within the recessed portion of the trench silicide contact and on sidewalls of the first opening of the inner layer dielectric.
A metallization layer is deposited in the opening in the inner layer dielectric to form the gate contact.
